# IEEE_VTS

This work focuses on the autonomous drone to drone communication and coordination. An optimal UAV routing protocol using IEEE 802.11p is formalized. The information transfer between drones is simulated using the NS3 simulator, and the transfer metrics are optimized. Coordination among the drones is achieved by efficient communication and real-time operation. Object Detection Image processing techniques like human detection are integrated with the UAV mission to achieve the aid of UAVs in several practical applications. Mission planning is implemented locally using application transfer protocol with the aid of the Mission Planner simulator. This autonomous operation of drones with real-time coordination is employable in surveying, combat, search and rescue, entertainment and many other problems.

**Contribution**

The planning and coordination are simulated using SITL by combining  Mission  Planner  1.3.73  and  dronekit-sitl  3.3.0 python library.The wireless communication properties and standards   were   simulated   and   tested   using   Network Simulator  NS3,  NetAnim,  Wireshark  and  Tracemetrics.IEEE  802.11p(WAVE)  Standard  was  used  to  establish wireless communication between the drones.The detection and  count  of  humans  will  be  carried  out  using  a  real-time Object Detection IP technique with the help of visual sensorlike  cameras.  The  terrain  surveying  is  accomplished  using the  integration of a  pilot-controlled quadrotor and a hybrid human detection technique using Image Processing with the help of visual sensors.
